Added new github.io pages (#688)
nvidia-holoscan/holohub: doc/website/docs/benchmarks/index.md

# [Benchmarks](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/holohub/tree/main/benchmarks)

> The HoloHub benchmarks is a critical resource for developers aiming to optimize and validate the performance of their AI sensor processing applications built with the Holoscan SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HoloHub benchmark resources are a critical resource for developers aiming to optimize and validate the performance of their AI sensor processing applications built with the Holoscan SDK. 
```
